foci/240625_focus.md, before:

# Urgent need for focus and action

))) ###########################################################################

## Objectives 240625 to 240708:
- Go to Wimbledon 8th July - ground tickets
- Take laptop and some way of ensuring connectivity
- Run predictions for games
- Enjoy the drama of prediction and see what the results are like

))) ###########################################################################


# SPECIFIC ACTIONS
### ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

## Actions 240625:
- DONE Run a pipeline that can adjust datatypes
- DONE: first look at player data that will be needed to make a prediction

## Actions 240626 WEDNESDAY:
- Ready pipeline to sort all required columns
- - DONE: Boolean => 240625, boolean_transformer
- - Numerical
- - Check ATP data - is % or float etc and look to match
- - Others?

- Consider when is best to:
- - Take just the 2010 to 2018 data => confirm numbers of rows for C&W datasets
- - Split the data into Challenger and Winner (C&W) datasets

- Consider: Output data to csv to avoid re-running steps

## Actions 240627 THURSDAY:
- Decide on what model will be first employed: the Naive Model
- Employ the Naive model(s)
- Draw learning curves

## Actions 240628 FRIDAY:
- Confirm initially if 1 model or 2 seperate ones will be used
  - Consider training times on the C&W datasets

))) ###########################################################################

## WEEKEND:
## Actions 240629:
- Relax - do CNC, be in the garden, spend time with the family
## Actions 240630:
- As with 240629

***
))) ###########################################################################

## Actions 240701:
- July! Erk, erk, alert, alert. Feel the urgency.

Commit message:

python classes, daily objectives update, full dataset run through'

foci/240625_focus.md, after:

# Urgent need for focus and action

))) ###########################################################################

## Objectives 240625 to 240708:
- Go to Wimbledon 8th July - ground tickets
- Take laptop and some way of ensuring connectivity
- Run predictions for games
- Enjoy the drama of prediction and see what the results are like

))) ###########################################################################


# SPECIFIC ACTIONS
### ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

## Actions 240625:
- DONE Run a pipeline that can adjust datatypes
- DONE First look at player data that will be needed to make a prediction

## Actions 240626 WEDNESDAY:
- Ready pipeline to sort all required columns
- - DONE: Boolean => 240625, boolean_transformer
- - Numerical 
- - Check ATP data - is % or float etc and look to match
- - Others?

## Actions 240627 THURSDAY:
- DONE Sorting python classes for paths and minor functions
- ATTEMPTED Ready full dataset "run through process"

## Actions 240628 FRIDAY:
- Ready pipeline to sort all required columns
- - Numerical 
- - Check ATP data - is % or float etc and look to match
- - Others?

- PRIORITY Consider: Output data to csv to avoid re-running steps

- Decide on what model will be first employed: the Naive Model
- Employ the Naive model(s)
- Draw learning curves

- Consider when is best to:
- - Take just the 2010 to 2018 data AND THEN confirm no rows for C&W datasets
- - Split the data into Challenger and Winner (C&W) datasets

- Confirm initially if 1 model or 2 seperate ones will be used
  - Consider training times on the C&W datasets

))) ###########################################################################

## WEEKEND:
## Actions 240629:
- Relax - do CNC, be in the garden, spend time with the family
## Actions 240630:
- As with 240629

***
))) ###########################################################################

## Actions 240701:
- July! Erk, erk, alert, alert. Feel the urgency.
